okay so wine asked me if he could have a
fire at my house and I said yes and they
shows up with like a truck with speakers
or subs or something and then there's
kids like chopping stuff up and with an
axe and they're throwing stuff in a fire
I don't know I don't know and just move
the camera to whatever I'm pointing at
okay okay you ready all right ready yeah
hey it's me Destin welcome to smarter
every day we're gonna talk about
something called group sourcing
group sourcing is when you have a large
group of easily influenced people yeah
is the influence people with cameras and
we're going to do a rocket on a rope and
the rocket on the rope is going to fly
down and we're going to gasoline on the
target and it's going to light the
bonfire maybe it's either gonna do that
at real it really stupid so what's going
to happen right now is all you have cell
phone with cameras on them right right
time to horizontal mode horizontal mode
and what you do is get it in an arc
around around the fire on the backside
and what we're going to do is something
called bullet time what bullet time is
is you're going to give me all your
videos after the fact and I'm we're
going to shoot the rocket and it's going
to blow up the blow up the fire and then
I won't take all your videos and stitch
them together and it's not like the
matrix to back up a little bit so you
don't catch on fire did your face
damn the rocket will blast off then what
happens I don't know you don't know if
you're expecting an explosion I'm sorry
it's not going to happen this is gonna
be kind of kind of girly a little bit
early old rocket so they might not work
now we gotta figure out how to give me
all of your video files so obviously the
first challenge I had to overcome as
these videos did not kick on at the
exact same time so I had to synchronize
that by looking at the fireball or
listening to the audio and lining them
up the next thing I had to do is I had
to arrange them spatially as they were
positioned around the bonfire click on
any of these videos and go to that
person's perspective to see what the
reaction was to the fireball everybody
with low resolution phones and high
resolution phones tended to group
together what does that tell us about
the group all right hold on here we go
that's awesome
all right so here's what we did we took
this information and we stitched it
together to see what I could do with it
the first thing I decided to do is to
rewatch the video in real time but do it
by scrolling through the different
perspectives and spin around the fire
so after that I decided to try my hand
at bullet time so yeah I know it looks
pretty bad but if you think about it we
had 30 seconds of instructions for a
large group of amateur videographers we
were able to accomplish something pretty
cool what did we learn first of all the
radial distance from the object that
you're looking at is important pull a
string and get everybody on the same
distance secondly the angular spacing
it'd be great if you could paste that
off beforehand third it's important that
you use the same devices all throughout
because different devices react
brightness levels and white balance
differently so if I'm honest this is the
part of the video where I provide links
to other stuff on my channel in hopes
that you'll check it out and subscribe
but there's a cool unofficial holiday in
the UK centered around bonfires at
periodic videos feel free to check that
out I'm Destin thank you for watching
you get smarter every day have a good
one